Update OD- and HR-related articles with correct information (especially regarding osu!mania) (#6066)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock/en.md

## Description

> The **Hard Rock** mod is a [game modifier](/wiki/Game_modifier) that aims to increase the difficulty over most (if not all) aspects of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap). Generally, it achieves this goal by raising the [circle size (CS)](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup#circle-size) by 30%, the [approach rate (AR)](/wiki/Beatmapping/Approach_rate) by 40%, the [health drain](/wiki/Beatmapping/Health_Drain) by 40% and the [Overall Difficulty (OD)](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup#overall-difficulty) by 40%, though the details vary for each game mode.

Author: Yes, I will fix that too

*Notice: Using this mod on osu!mania will result in an unranked play.*

> In [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania), the HP value are increased by 40% while the timing windows are 40% stricter. Though the AR value is displayed as increased, it does not affect the gameplay.

Reviewer: if the conversion is `hit window / 1.4`, then you'd say it is about 29% stricter (`1 - 1 / 1.4 ≈ 0.2857`)

```suggestion
In [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania), the HP value is increased by 40% while the timing windows are about 29% stricter. Though the AR value is displayed as increased, it does not affect the gameplay.
```

> In [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania), the HP value is increased by 40% while the timing windows are about 29% stricter. Though the AR value is displayed as increased, it does not affect the gameplay.

Author: Yeah that's a good idea

> To calculate the timing windows after applying HR, simply take the original timing window under the OD (which can be calculated [here](/wiki/Beatmapping/Overall_difficulty)) and divide it by 1.4. One thing to note is that since the timing window of Rainbow 300 (MAX) is fixed regardless of the OD, the timing window of MAX's with +HR will always be ±11.43ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To calculate the timing windows after applying HR, simply take the original timing window under the OD (which can be calculated [here](/wiki/Beatmapping/Overall_difficulty)) and divide it by 1.4. One thing to note is that since the timing window of Rainbow 300 (MAX) is fixed regardless of the OD, which means the timing window of a MAX with HR will always be ±11.43ms.
```

> To calculate the timing windows after applying HR, simply take the original timing window under the OD (which can be calculated [here](/wiki/Beatmapping/Overall_difficulty)) and divide it by 1.4. One thing to note is that since the timing window of Rainbow 300 (MAX) is fixed regardless of the OD, which means the timing window of a MAX with HR will always be ±11.43ms.

Reviewer 2: please no `here`s in a link content; use phrases like `the table of hit window sizes` or such
```suggestion
To calculate the timing windows after HR is applied, take the original timing window under the OD (which can be calculated [here](/wiki/Beatmapping/Overall_difficulty)) and divide it by 1.4. The timing window of Rainbow 300 (MAX) is fixed regardless of the OD, which means the timing window of a MAX with HR will always be ±11.43ms.
```

> Note that in [ScoreV2](/wiki/Game_modifier/ScoreV2) the calculation method is different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the calculation method is different in [ScoreV2](/wiki/Game_modifier/ScoreV2).
```
